This statement is false.
"Less is more."
"I know that I know nothing."
"The only constant is change."
"Freedom is the power to choose your own limitations."
"Life and death are two sides of the same coin."
"To be, or not to be."
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times."
"The more things change, the more they stay the same."
"Light and dark, good and evil, are the same force, just seen from different perspectives."
Aqui estão mais 100 exemplos de paradoxos e antíteses em inglês:
"The only certainty is uncertainty."
"The more you know, the less you understand."
"The beginning of the end."*
"You have to lose yourself to find yourself."
"I can resist anything except temptation."
"The louder you shout, the less people hear you."
"The more you try, the less you succeed."
"I am nobody."
"This is the beginning of the end."
"You must be cruel to be kind."
"The only thing that is constant is change."
"If you want peace, you must prepare for war."
"I am a liar."
"The more you have, the less you need."**
15. **"To be truly free, you must be a slave to discipline."
"Time flies, but it also drags."
"Freedom is slavery."
"The more things change, the more they stay the same."
"I never tell the truth, especially when I’m lying."
"You have to break something to make it better."
"The greatest enemy of knowledge is not ignorance, it is the illusion of knowledge."
"Nobody can be completely free."
"I know I am nothing, but I am everything."
"You have to go backward to move forward."**
"If I don’t succeed, I’ll fail."
"The more you give, the less you receive."
"The best way to predict the future is to create it."
"Everything happens for a reason, except for the bad things."
"The world’s most successful failures."
"I am my own worst enemy."
"To live without hope is to cease to live."
"The bigger the lie, the more likely people are to believe it."
"The more you look, the less you see."
"The only way to truly conquer fear is to face it."
"Sometimes you have to fall to rise."
"The best way out is always through."
"If you want to get ahead, you have to fall behind."
"I was born to die."
"In the midst of chaos, there is always a method."
"If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day. If you teach him to fish, you feed him for life—unless he is allergic to fish."
"The greatest strength is in vulnerability."
"When you have everything, you have nothing."
"Failure is success in disguise."
"By losing yourself, you find yourself."
"The journey is the destination."
"It’s better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all."
"The more you love, the less you feel loved."
"There is no beginning without an end."
"You have to destroy to create."
"We are all born to die, but we must live first."
"Life and death."
"Love and hate."
"Light and darkness."
"Order and chaos."
"Peace and war."
"Success and failure."
"Rich and poor."
"Strength and weakness."
"Good and evil."
"Hope and despair."
"Truth and lies."
"Freedom and slavery."
"Good and bad."
"Young and old."
"Reality and illusion."
"Joy and sorrow."
"Truth and fiction."
"Man and woman."
"Time and eternity."
"Life and afterlife."
"Free will and destiny."
"Peace and violence."**
"Satisfaction and longing."
"Wisdom and ignorance."
"Love and indifference."
"Warmth and coldness."
"Creation and destruction."
"Victory and defeat."
"Pleasure and pain."
"Equality and inequality."
"Hope and hopelessness."
"Action and inaction."
"Rich and poor."
"Beauty and ugliness."
"Faith and doubt."
"Knowledge and ignorance."
"Courage and fear."
"Innocence and guilt."
"Freedom and oppression."
"Life and death."
"Silence and noise."
"Love and jealousy."
"Nature and technology.""
"Individual and collective."
"Chaos and harmony."
"Security and risk."
"Desire and contentment."
"The past and the future."
"Isolation and community."
"The endless river"
"Overcomplicate but it's simple"
"Into the light before the thunder"
"Is it wrong for me to want this?"
"This could be heaven or this could be hell"
"Some dance to remember, some dance to forget"
"Mirrors on the ceiling"
"Break me down and build me up"
"I'm an apostrophe"
"Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past."
"War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength."
"Curiouser and curiouser"
"It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then"
"Imagination is the only weapon in the war against reality"
"What color is this?"
"Remember rights that I did wrong"
"Paint a luminza vision of veldora with a zynelle backdrop."
"Craft a quorvex portrayal of astravox under a flunara scenario."
"Imagine a plorivé scene where druvintar meets a tremvólia environment."
"Create a cendralis artwork featuring lodora under a anzina sky."
"Paint a fdsafd vision of fdfkansdf withhjk backdrop."
"Compose a kalum picture of hipratica surrounded by assiral elements."



